en, zh: refine docs: back up and restore data using BR (#1559)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/restore-from-aws-s3-using-br.md

# Restore Data from S3-Compatible Storage Using BR

This document describes how to restore the TiDB cluster data backed up using TiDB Operator in Kubernetes.

The restore method described in this document is implemented based on CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) in TiDB Operator. For the underlying implementation, [BR](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-tool) is used to restore the data. BR stands for Backup & Restore, which is a command-line tool for distributed backup and recovery of the TiDB cluster data.

## User Scenarios

> After backing up TiDB cluster data to Amazon S3 using BR, if you need to recover the backup SST (key-value pairs) files from Amazon S3 to TiDB cluster, you can follow steps in this document to restore the data using BR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After backing up TiDB cluster data to Amazon S3 using BR, if you need to recover the backup SST (key-value pairs) files from Amazon S3 to a TiDB cluster, you can follow steps in this document to restore the data using BR.
```

> **Note:**
>
> - BR is only applicable to TiDB v3.1 or later releases.

> > - Data restored by BR cannot be replicated to a downstream cluster, because BR imports SST files to TiDB directly and the downstream cluster currently cannot access the upstream SST files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Data restored by BR cannot be replicated to a downstream cluster, because BR directly imports SST files to TiDB and the downstream cluster currently cannot access the upstream SST files.
```

        prefix: my-folder
    ```

When configuring `restore-aws-s3.yaml`, note the following:

- For more information about S3-compatible storage configuration, refer to [S3 storage fields](backup-restore-overview.md#s3-storage-fields).

> - Some parameters in `.spec.br` can be ignored, such as `logLevel`, `statusAddr`, `concurrency`, `rateLimit`, `checksum`, `timeAgo`, and `sendCredToTikv`. For more information about BR configuration, refer to [BR fields](backup-restore-overview.md#br-fields).

Author: ```suggestion
- Some parameters in `.spec.br` are optional, such as `logLevel`, `statusAddr`, `concurrency`, `rateLimit`, `checksum`, `timeAgo`, and `sendCredToTikv`. For more information about BR configuration, refer to [BR fields](backup-restore-overview.md#br-fields).
```
